source: https://www.astrologers.com
American Federation of Astrologers

Forecasts by Alina Rubi, PMAFA


Aries (March 21-April 20): The Aries October monthly horoscope forecasts that you should be extra careful with yourself. After all, what better way to kick off the month than by nurturing your sense of self? Doing things, you can be proud of. Helping others and expecting nothing in return. Yes, take care of yourself, and your self will take care of you. If you encounter a wall, walk around it, don't beat your head against it. You will be in terrific shape on the 7th and 8th. Your luck is good. Your eyes sparkle and that promotion is practically yours. Go ahead and buy your Halloween custom on the 14th. Get outdoors and get some fresh air, for optimal romantic results around the 20th. How organized are your closets? You may not realize it, but there is a relationship between the orderliness in your private life and the smoothness of your romantic one. Something new really jump starts your feelings on the 28th and 29th. Think long term on the 30th and 31st. Who do you see standing next to you as you head into the sunset?

Taurus (April 21-May 21): Set up those fare alerts and check out the webinars your go-to gurus are offering this month. Now is the time to follow the checkered flags and move ahead on that mission. You're learning important lessons about boundaries within your relationships, including how porous to allow yours to be. How much trust should be extended to friends, lovers, business partners? A shared financial venture or group project could hit an important turning point, especially if hidden information comes to light. Getting intimate with a friend through money, sex or power could be a slippery slope. But if it's done correctly, it could be a blissful escape. If your faith was shaken, you'll start to see tangible signs that the universe indeed has your back. Even if people's true intentions are masked, don't lose your dignity by confronting them. If you're feeling suspicious, just keep your cards close to your vest and observe with a poker face.

Gemini (May 22-June 21): Work will continue to push your buttons but avoid clashes with co-workers. Kids are your inspiration as well as some socially fun moments. Ever mindful, you may experience a bit of tension in the workplace, but you know how to play it cool. You might meet a potential client. Although the risk is more substantial now, so too is the potential benefit or impact. Dont skirt it; heed the signal and put your all into it. A new solution, method, tool, choice, therapy, strategy, or job can be your it ticket. As well, it can be advantageous to take the test again, retrace steps, consult, or review with a professional, a specialist, an expert, or an authority. Watch for timely news, a lucrative prospect, a travel or relocation opportunity, a significant reconnect, talk, offer, invitation, revelation, or departure.

Cancer (June 22-July 22): Push yourself forward. Put in extra effort with partnership. Dress it up. Keep it practical and realistic. Worries about money could be a concern. Stick to your budget, don't be afraid if you don't know how. A hidden advantage gets uncovered. Stay close to home as much as you can. Redecorate the kitchen or bathroom. Family comes first. Communication comes easier. Take chances. There can be a strong focus on settling in and seeking out peace this month, but also a building theme of attention to self-expression. Financial matters, mainly revolving around shared resources or debts, can heat up now, and while this isn't anything new, this time it's about getting to resolutions. Sound energy is with you for expanding your horizons through creative endeavors. Love can be magical, and your powers of attraction run high. Some of you can reconnect with an old love or friend, or you may be learning something new about a previous relationship.

Leo (July 23-Aug.22): This month your friends and coworkers are moved by your honesty and sincerity, enabling you to be very persuasive and compelling. Those closest to you understand that you're willing to do whatever is in your power to support them. However, when someone isn't connecting with your message, stop trying to convince them your plan is the best one. You might appear manipulative and overly controlling if you push too hard. Ironically, your peers may follow your example if you're willing to give them enough space to step forward on their own volition. Your home and family life will become much more harmonious after the 14th, much to your delight. In other news, if you're dating someone new, you might have a sexy conversation about intimacy that leads to actual action taking place. Your career demands the lions share of your attention at the end of the month.

Virgo (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): This month thankfully, your boss may respond positively to your upbeat manner and apparent willingness to create a harmonious environment. Cultivating support from authority figures now goes a long way toward landing a raise or advancing your career in the future. Responsibility is your calling card. You're going to need to be loose if you're going to deal well with everything that's happening in your love life. Great news makes your heart go thump on the 15th. You might want to move ahead on a big life project, but circumstances and obligations will hold you back. Dont worry! Just go with the flow. Avoid speculative activities and investments and be careful when receiving tips from business insiders. Love triangles and temptations abound for those who have committed in marriage vows, so do keep your self-control intact. Always keep your marriage together by exercising patience and being kind to your partner.

Libra (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Dreams of an epic adventure swirl around your mind as you experience an acute bout of wanderlust this month. You're either planning a trip or others are exciting you by talking about their excursions. However, travel might not be in the cards for your immediate future. Make sure to show your effort and value to your boss, you might just get that raise or promotion that has been long overdue. If you are taking an exam, don't worry, you will pass just fine. Your luck is changing for the better, hold on to the opportunity when you see one. Though you will be having plenty of energy and stamina, you might be bugged a little by some depression, anxiety and other stress-related mental health problems. Your moody emotions will cause you some insomnia. Always keep your marriage together by exercising patience and being kind to your partner. There are opportunities everywhere you look, so choose them carefully. Investments will be profitable, but start small and don't be too impulsive, do your homework and then you will benefit from it.

Scorpio (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): This month, you must treat yourself with even more kindness and respect than ever. You must realize that you are the source of your own joy, pain, love and happiness. This doesn't mean you literally create everything, but you attract energy and emit energy. Being in tune with the energy that you give off, can help you understand the energy you receive. Everything is connected. We are one. Use the first two weeks of the month to polish your social media profiles, connect with kindred spirits and get your idealistic message out to the masses. Relax your mind by channeling it into a project, like solving a crossword puzzle, writing a story, or organizing your desk. Be the change you want to see. Lead through innovation instead of planting yourself on shifting ground or trying to turn back the clock.

Sagittarius (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): It's okay to be picky; just be sure that you're not being too critical or analyzing something to death or you'll kill the magic. Avoid projection, seek clarity and depth, and if you aren't sure about something, test the waters before you dive in. Stay rooted in your self-esteem and then you wont sacrifice yourself, give too much, or buy empty promises. All relationships change, people die, and you can't take your money to the grave. Only love is real and outlasts death. Stay true to your values, surrender to the changes unfolding, and you can't lose anything of real worth. You wouldn't be able to concentrate on your studies, and your performance in competitive exams may remain poor. You will make new friends. You will need to give your house a little repair and makeover and it may go under some renovation. There might be ebb and tide in your finances. Taking care of loved ones is important and you may need to pay a little attention and care to your family

Capricorn (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): There are good months and bad months; this one will oscillate between the two extremes. While on the one hand, your mind will be flooded with negative feelings that will make you feel miserable, on the other, your efforts at work will yield good results in the future. The need of the hour is to stay calm and take criticisms in your stride. Dealing patiently with chaotic situations will pay off in the long run. You will get new advice from somebody. With your dexterity, you may handle meetings very well. You may get inspired to launch a new and ambitious project and you will be pleased the way you carry out your responsibilities. Compromise and partnership are the keys to your happiness. Take care of the pressure and limit the consumption of coffee. At the end of the month you'll be under a strong pressure from your surroundings. Everybody will want something else from you. Take it easy! Don't let them manipulate you. Show your strong character and calm down.

Aquarius (Jan. 20-Feb. 19): Dont be mean to people you don't like. Hard moments in love are worth being recompensed with tenderness and sex. Use the beautiful weather and restore your energy. You must get more involved in financial matters, especially when you have any duties. You'll be forced to make an important financial decision. Before you make it, think twice. Stop dreaming and get focused on what you're doing now, and the documents you are supposed to sign, it's very important. As for love, you may be afraid of somebody, who'll prove to be a good partner when you get to know him better. Don't spare impressions or experiments, as its the only way to achieve what you really want. A romantic story ahead of you, which will become something long-lasting. Try to pay more attention to your closest people. You'll see that your kids miss your presence, and your friends miss talking to you. Take care of decorating your home, and then invite some friends over to show them the results.

Pisces (Feb. 20-March 20): Many Pisces over the month will carry out activities relating to their home, either in buying some new items or improving certain areas and, while what he has in mind, may take more time and be more disruptive than he originally anticipated, he will be pleased with what he achieves. In addition, it will also be a good month to catch up on unanswered correspondence or other outstanding jobs. On a personal level, you can look forward to some fine domestic and social occasions, especially enjoying the company of those important to you. Late October you will see much social activity. The right brain will rule, so you'll find yourself thinking more logically and rationally now.